286 improve datasets documentation to highlight pipeline schema requirements (#289)
seqeralabs/nf-tower-docs: docs/datasets/overview.md

## Overview

The **Datasets** feature in Nextflow Tower allows users to store CSV and TSV formatted dataset files in a workspace, to use as an input one or more pipelines. 

> In order for your pipeline to use your dataset as input during runtime, information about the dataset and file format must be included in the `input` parameters of your [pipeline-schema](/pipeline-schema/overview). We recommend using the nf-core tools [schema build](https://nf-co.re/tools/#pipeline-schema) feature to simplify the schema creation process. Commands include an option to validate and lint your schema file according to best practice guidelines from the nf-core community. 

Reviewer: Whilst we typically use `params.input` for @nf-core pipelines, I don't think that it has to be called this for Tower datasets to work. They should work with any parameter name, as long as it's set up correctly in the schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for your pipeline to use your dataset as input during runtime, information about the dataset and file format must be included in the relevant parameters of your [pipeline-schema](/pipeline-schema/overview). We recommend using the nf-core tools [schema build](https://nf-co.re/tools/#pipeline-schema) tool to simplify the schema creation process. This automatically scaffolds your schema file and provides a web-based interface to fill in the details. Other commands include options to validate and lint your schema file according to best practice guidelines from the nf-core community. 
```

Reviewer: Maybe cut this down and link to `docs/pipeline-schema/overview.md` instead?

> In order for your pipeline to use your dataset as input during runtime, information about the dataset and file format must be included in the `input` parameters of your [pipeline-schema](/docs/pipeline-schema/overview.md). We recommend using the nf-core tools [schema build](https://nf-co.re/tools/#pipeline-schema) feature to simplify the schema creation process. Commands include an option to validate and lint your schema file according to best practice guidelines from the nf-core community. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for your pipeline to use your dataset as input during runtime, information about the dataset and file format must be included in the relevant parameters of your [pipeline-schema](/docs/pipeline-schema/overview.md). We recommend using the nf-core tools [schema build](https://nf-co.re/tools/#pipeline-schema) feature to simplify the schema creation process. Commands include an option to validate and lint your schema file according to best practice guidelines from the nf-core community. 
```
